capital = 158

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 150
add_political_power = 0
set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.5

set_oob = "SAR_1849"

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian
	last_election = "1849.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	socialism = 10
	reactionist = 5
	authoritarian = 55
}

add_ideas = {
	#laws
	monarchy
	little_country
	catolicysm
	regional_corruption
	manufactory_production
	low_investment_level
	medium_taxation
	
	#country
	italy_economy_1
	italy_political_1
	italy_army_1
}

recruit_character = SAR_Viterio_Emannuele_II
recruit_character = SAR_Uberto_Motta
recruit_character = SAR_Tiziano_Castellano
recruit_character = SAR_Orlando_Giovannini
recruit_character = SAR_Teodoro_Genovese
recruit_character = SAR_Gianluca_Gagliardi
recruit_character = SAR_Ottaviano_Corso
recruit_character = SAR_Baldassare_Pozzi
recruit_character = SAR_Nicola_Cortese
recruit_character = SAR_Ruggero_Tucci
recruit_character = SAR_Geraldo_Mantovani
recruit_character = SAR_Giovanni_Chiesa
recruit_character = SAR_Leo_Calo
recruit_character = SAR_Pietro_Franceschi
recruit_character = SAR_Flavio_Poletti
recruit_character = SAR_Luca_Rinaldi
recruit_character = SAR_Oreste_Micheli
recruit_character = SAR_Raffaello_Ferraro
recruit_character = SAR_Vincenzo_Meli
recruit_character = SAR_Floriano_Fusco
recruit_character = SAR_Aurelio_Carrara
recruit_character = SAR_Gianmaria_Costantini
recruit_character = SAR_Damiano_Gentile
recruit_character = SAR_Marcello_Longo
recruit_character = SAR_Gregorio_Quaranta
recruit_character = SAR_Bonifacio_Righi
recruit_character = SAR_Tito_Bernardini
recruit_character = SAR_Lazzaro_Franco
recruit_character = SAR_Gaspare_Valentini


